COTX-Gateways (#519)
TheThingsNetwork/docs: doc/content/gateways/COTX-Gateways_index.md

> ##COTX Gateways
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: "COTX Gateways"
---
```

> COTX product portfolio consists of IoT modules, LoRa gateways, node devices and all-in-one solutions. We have over 80 varieties of products in active production. 
> They offer high quality, outstanding radio performances and carrier-grade security, and support US915, AU915, AS923, EU868, IN865, RU867, CN470 etc. 
> Please consult https://www.cotxnetworks.com/ for the full product list.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[COTX product portfolio](https://www.cotxnetworks.com/) consists of IoT modules, LoRa gateways, node devices and all-in-one solutions. COTX has over 80 types of products in active production. They offer high quality radio performances and carrier-grade security, while supporting majority of LoRaWAN frequency bands.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            
```

> Find the documentation on how to connect:  
> #COTX X1 Lite Gateway   
> #COTX X1 Gateway   
> #COTX X3 Gateway   
> #COTX X5 Gateway   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following subsection, you can find the documentation on how to connect COTX X1 Lite gateway.
```

Reviewer: I see you have the intention to add more docs here, but you haven't added them yet. Please update this part when you add instructions for other gateways.
